[zombies groaning]
AKIRA: One, ten, 100,
1,000, 10,000, 100,000!
Incredible!
This solid gold watch is sick!
[laughs]
Ah, man, I never would have made
enough money for this
from my old job!
- Oh, man, Akira.
- Hmm?
- Come and check out
this one over here!
- No way!
Nine million?
Ah!
AKIRA: Holy smokes.
Solid gold ain't nothin'.
[camera shutter clicking]
[groans]
Hey Kencho, looks like
we're almost out of water.
- That makes sense.
The power's out, too,
and it's pitch black
in the city.
KENCHO: I guess
the water pumps gave out when
the electricity did.
Network towers are down, too.
I can't get online.
Our phones are charged
but we can't get any news.
I'm startin'
to think we're
the only people left
in this city.
The number of zombies
are increasing daily.
It's getting' more difficult
to secure food and water,
too.
It may be time we start takin'
this zombie thing seriously.
- Hmm.
A safe place to live with food,
huh?
Heroes aren't paid in food
so do we start farming
in the country?
Or hunt?
AKIRA: Hold on.
Can a ramen shop survive
in a zombie apocalypse?
I quit my abusive job, but
I guess I need a new one.
I wonder if there's
any job out there
that I'd actually
want to do.
[gasps]
Forget about that!
Look, Kencho!
- Huh?
[gasps]
KENCHO: Whoa!
What a killer view!
Maybe Tokyo's not
so bad after all!
- Yeah, the power outages
aren't that bad!
[laughs]
[gasps]
Makes me think of home.
- Ah.
I be they're safe and sound.
- [gasps]
[exhales]
You're right.
AKIRA: Our journey begins!
Next stop,
my hometown Gunma!
[KANA-BOON's "Song of the Dead"]
Remember to pack light
if you're able to.
- Yeah, yeah, I know.
Camp stove, water,
canned food,
toothbrush, nail clipper,
cook set.
I can just go to the store
if I need new underwear, right?
Nah, I should pack a pair
in case I spend
a night with a lady.
Hey, I see you over there!
Last time I checked,
those items
are not packing light!
- [grunts]
AKIRA: Goodbye, college life.
Goodbye, abusive office life.
[engine revving]
Goodbye, Tokyo!
- Hey, so how far is it?
- Normally it's a three
or four hour journey,
but who knows what the roads
are gonna be like?
AKIRA: Could be a long trip,
so there's somethin'
I wanna pick up before.
KENCHO: Uh, you're talkin'
about getting' a gun, right?
AKIRA: Not at all!
Equipped with a kitchen
and bathroom.
A zombie-free space where you
can cruise in style.
A best friend
for leisurely trips
where you can sleep
whenever you please!
A house on wheels where
dreams and adventures are
made!
What better way to traverse
the zombie apocalypse
than our own RV?
So can we?
We only live once!
Can we travel to Gunma
in an RV? Can we, Kencho?
Can we, please?
- Now, that's an idea I
can get behind!
[footsteps]
both: Hmm?
- It's you!
- Wait a minute!
- We meet again, Shizuka.
- It's uncanny.
[groans]
- Now that I'm thinking
about it,
you did say you were headed out
of the city.
- What a coincidence!
I didn't think I'd see you again
so soon!
AKIRA: It's happened now not
just twice but three times!
This has gotta be fate.
Since you're already here
and all,
you should come
to Gunma with u--
- Sorry, but I don't
have enough lives
to team up with the likes
of you two,
and since I see no benefit
in us forming an alliance,
respectfully I'm afraid
I'm going to have
to decline your offer
to join your little party.
- [groans]
- Hey, Shizuka,
do you have a license?
- No, but this is a state
of emergency, after all.
I've reasoned that the best way
to travel long distances
while avoiding risks would be
to use an RV.
SHIZUKA: You see them
in zombie movies
from time to time.
KENCHO: Didn't think you'd be
a fan of zombie flicks.
SHIZUKA: I'm not.
I just made it a point
to watch them
for reference purposes.
I watched 100.
- So you're a zombie fan girl.
- In any case,
as far as traveling in
the zombie apocalypse,
an RV is the safest bet
for sure.
- [laughs]
I think so, too!
I guess great minds think alike!
Now you gotta come along
with u--
- Once again,
I appreciate the offer,
but I'm going to have
to respectfully decline.
- Aww.
- But last I checked,
no license to drive.
- [stammers]
- Oh yeah, that's right!
It's poor risk analysis
to do something unfamiliar
like driving.
- [whimpers]
KENCHO: Surely you see
the benefits
of forming an alliance.
- [groans]
Even if we did group up--
AKIRA: It'll be so much more fun
with the three of us!
- Fun has no impact
on how we survive!
KENCHO: It'll be safer together
with the three of us!
AKIRA: Oh, come on!
It'll be fun!
[both shouting]
both: RV shows
are amazing!
AKIRA: It's super cool!
Whoa, I don't even know what
I'm looking at!
Why does it have treads
and why are they so triangular?
- This one has a crane attached
to the top!
- Oh, my gosh, what
are we gonna pull with it?
What are we gonna pull with it?.
KENCHO: Tatami mats!
- Do you think this room
is for tea ceremonies?
- Oh, how hard do you think
it is to do on--
AKIRA: A Jacuzzi!
There's a Jacuzzi in the car!
[cackling]
- [groans]
Taking into account
mobility and speed in an
emergency,
four-wheel drive is a must since
it has the greatest output.
Furthermore, if we plan
on going off-road at all,
a midsize SUV could work.
SHIZUKA: Considering it might
be difficult to refuel,
we should probably go
with a hybrid crossover.
In terms of durability,
we should go with
an import rather than domestic
for the crumple zone,
which means something
like this sounds about right.
AKIRA: Whoa!
- [gasps]
KENCHO: What the hell is this?
AKIRA: It's over 20 million!
KENCHO: An RV that costs more
than 20 million?
- Yep, this one.
Can we have this one?
Can we?
SHIZUKA: Huh? How is something
that big gonna maneuver around
all the abandoned
vehicles?
We are getting this one.
It's clearly the best option.
- What?
AKIRA: Come on!
That one's cool I guess,
but it doesn't look anything
like an RV should!
- [groans]
KENCHO: Yeah, come on!
It's just a regular car, man!
- [groaning]
- Let's at least
pick one with
a roof that pops out
and becomes a tent!
- A pop-up roof
is like advertising we're
an all-you-can-eat
zombie buffet!
KENCHO: Come on, now!
Life is a slog if you only
do what you need
to do all the time.
Look around.
I bet there's a ride
somewhere here that'll getcha
goin'.
- Honestly, guys,
we're in a crisis.
Why would I stoop to choosing
based off a whim or...
[gasping]
SHIZUKA: A coordinated
dark color scheme
with indirect
lighting.
A water hyacinth sofa
and ikat tapestries,
with an interior that
looks like a luxury hotel in
Bali!
Oh, no.
It's wonderful.
I--I think I might want it.
[both snickering]
[gasps]
- See, I told ya.
Now we're cookin'.
- Uh, no, that one
doesn't count!
AKIRA: Cars are all
about dreams
and a sense of adventure!
SHIZUKA: They're about safety
and utility!
[zombies groaning]
[KENCHO gasps]
Aww, crap!
We gotta move!
AKIRA: Ah, they found us!
We were too loud!
[KENCHO STAMMERING]
Which one do we take?
AKIRA: It doesn't matter!
Just get in one quick!
[all panting]
[all groaning]
[SHIZUKA gasps]
The keys?
AKIRA: They're here!
KENCHO: Just hurry up
and floor it!
[tires squealing]
[all screaming]
[engine revving]
- It's kinda creepy how quiet
it is.
The highway is usually packed
on weekdays like this.
- People probably didn't have
a chance to run for it.
SHIZUKA: After all,
no virus in history
has ever spread this rapidly.
- Hold on, are you saying
this started as a virus?
- The zombies' aggression
is caused by hormonal changes
that affect the brain
which means it's very likely
that the reason behind
this whole ordeal is a virus,
in which case analyzing data
of the outbreak can help us
work out a possible
countermeasure for it,
among other potential solutions
that could be waiting out there.
If we can create a vaccine
from the data,
theoretically we can
counter any virus that's causing
this outbreak
and bring society back.
The world isn't done.
There's still hope.
AKIRA: Does that mean
somewhere out there there are
people
whose sole job is to stop
the infection and save the world
from something like
this spreading indefinitely?
- [gasps]
It's hard to say but I do know
at the very least
for those of us who
are barely surviving each day
dealing with zombies like this,
it's not very relevant,
is it?
[engine revving]
- We'll be leaving Saitama soon!
Gunma's in sight!
- I just realized
I'm really hungry!
Let's hit up a truck stop
and grab some food, okay?
- It'll be a great place to rest
for the night, too.
- All right!
This is our first night
in an RV!
[laughs]
[SHIZUKA gasps]
[banging]
[KENCHO shouts]
- [screams]
- What's that?
[tires squealing]
[groans]
[gasping]
AKIRA: Kencho!
[panting]
- [KENCHO whimpering]
- [grunts]
- [groaning]
- Are you okay?
What happened?
- It's a spike strip.
[engines rumbling]
- [groaning]
- Hey!
[tires squealing]
AKIRA: Wh--What's
going on?
[all laughing]
[KOSUGI] Well, well, well!
If it isn't Tendo!
What do you think
you're doin' here?
Skippin' out on work,
Mr. Tendo?
- [gasps]
It's--it's you!
AKIRA: Chief Kosugi?
- [laughing]
KOSUGI: I told you your deadline
was first thing in the morning,
so why the hell aren't
ya finished?
- But Chief Kosugi,
you said I had until tonight.
- I don't remember asking
you for your worthless opinion!
KOSUGI: Fun fact, the
characters for "imbecile"
are "foolish"
and "slow,"
and that's exactly
what you are
for always creating
more work for me!
Your incompetence
constitutes harassment!
- [gasping]
Uh, you're, uh--
KOSUGI: Huh?
What's the matter?
SHIZUKA: Cosugies.
A baseball team?
- I didn't expect you
of all people to survive
this zombie apocalypse.
- Ah, Chief Kosugi,
I'm glad to see you're okay.
Huh?
What's happening?
AKIRA: My
stomach's churning.
I can't catch my breath!
[breathing heavily]
- Seems you've gotten
yourself into
a pretty sticky situation,
my friend.
KOSUGI: I doubt you can continue
your journey on those tires,
and if you don't hurry up
and tend to your friend,
then I could lend you a hand,
Tendo.
- [whimpers]
Huh?
- Our truck stop is
stocked with food, spare tires,
and all kinds
of medical equipment.
Looks like you could use some
of that, yeah?
KOSUGI: We'll change your tires
and get your friend patched up
in no time.
- Chief, you...
- I tell ya,
it's good to see ya, Tendo.
KOSUGI: I can't imagine
what braving the apocalypse
has been like for you.
But you don't have
to worry anymore!
- [groans]
- As your old boss,
I promise I'll take care of ya.
Never abandon a former employee.
[snickers]
- Thank you, Chief!
I knew I could--
- While we're on the subject
of your employment,
how 'bout a deal?
In exchange for my help,
you get to work
for me once again.
- [shuddering]
[stammering]
- I get it.
- [gasps]
- So that's the type
of con you're running here.
SHIZUKA: You rob people
of their means
of transportation,
injure and manipulate them
when they're
at their most vulnerable,
and put them to work when they
have no other choice.
- That's a pretty
uncharitable interpretation,
don't ya think?
KOSUGI: Last I checked,
the laws of the land
no longer exist in this world.
So the way I see it,
we had no choice but
to lay out these traps.
You understand we have
to protect our friends
from potential looters
like yourselves.
[SHIZUKA grunts]
- The clock's tickin',
you know.
After all, that noise earlier
is drawing them here.
Two days for me, Tendo.
What do you say?
All you gotta do is a few chores
for two days.
I'm sure you'll be more
than happy
to work under me again,
won't ya now?
AKIRA: Well, um--
[whimpers]
I, uh--I, uh--
I--
- KENCHO: Come on, Tendo.
You don't want your friends
to become zombie food, do ya?
[AKIRA whimpering]
If it means my friends'll
be safe,
and it's only
for two days,
I would be happy to work
for you again, Chief Kosugi.
- [groans]
- [grunts]
- Ah, yeah!
KOSUGI: We've got
ourselves a contract, then!
Tendo, welcome
to my new company.
- [gasps]
- [laughing]
KOSUGI: Starting today
you'll be workin'
the loading dock and reinforcing
the barricade
whenever necessary.
See? They're simple jobs
just about anyone can do.
- [gasping]
- [breathing heavily]
KOSUGI: Hey, lighten up.
- [whimpers]
- It might be a
little difficult
but with the trust
we've cultivated over
the years you'll
get a feel
for the things here faster
than you think.
- Right.
[KENCHO groaning]
SHIZUKA: I don't think
you fractured anything,
but you should definitely
rest up until
you're feeling strong enough.
- [groans]
Damn!
It's my fault Akira's--
SHIZUKA: They had all this
planned out for a while.
It certainly isn't your fault.
KENCHO: Still, if we could
just change our tires,
we could get outta here!
Just two days, huh?
- Yeah, I hope son.
- Huh?
[AKIRA breathing heavily]
My arms are so swollen.
When is this nightmare
ever gonna end?
[grunts]
It feels just like working back
at my old job.
[grunts]
No, that's not
what this I!
[grunts]
After all,
I'm not who I was before.
I decided I was finally going
to live life my way, right?
[gasps]
[all grunting]
Everyone's been working
themselves so hard
in this heat.
Beer, beer!
If I chill 'em now,
they should be ready for dinner!
That would make everyone
so happy!
- Hey Tendo!
- [screams]
[whimpers]
Ch--chief.
- This isn't your station,
so what do you think
you're doin' over here?
You should--
[gasps]
Tendo!
Did I order
you to do that?
- Um, I, uh, well,
I was just...
Doing this for everyone.
[stammers]
AKIRA: Again?
Why?
Whenever Chief is in front
of me,
I can't think straight.
- Surely you're smart
enough to understand
that giving them chilled
beer is just a waste
of our precious
electricity.
You try something funny
like this again and I swear I--
- Whoa!
- What do you got over there,
huh, Kosugi?
- Uh--
- MAN: No way, it's beer!
- Huh, what?
That wouldn't happen to be
for us, would it?
- You always stick us with
the warm and cheap crap.
MAN 2: Why the change of heart?
[chuckles]
- [grunts]
Well, I asked Tendo
to chill these now for you guys
so they'd be ready
for dinner tonight!
The can't out of the bag.
- Huh?
- And of course there's more
than enough for everyone here.
Tonight we're having
a welcome party
for Tendo and his friends.
A celebration of their arrival.
It'll be the perfect way
to rest and recuperate
from a hard shift at work!
A small gesture of my gratitude
for all the hard work
you've been doing.
MAN: Man, you're so generous,
Kosugi!
MAN 2: I'm so glad I came
with you!
KOSUGI: Come on, cut that out.
Flattery'll getcha nowhere,
ya oaf.
[grunts]
- [gasping]
[AKIRA gasps]
What--what is that?
[zombies groaning]
Seriously?
You're making zombies pull
your cargo?
- Just like anyone
with a pair 'o hands,
they're a good workforce
if you know how to use 'em.
KENCHO: They're more
like company equipment
that function without
a will of their own
who can't think for
themselves and exist solely
to follow orders
and work without any ifs,
ands, or buts.
- Equip--
KOSUGI: And Tendo.
- [gasps]
- Make no mistake,
you're no different than
the likes of them.
You're company
equipment, too.
- [gasping]
- What's with that
pathetic look on your face?
Don't tell me you actually
thought you were capable
of achieving
something special.
KOSUGI: I know you don't
think much of yourself
but trust me,
you're even more worthless
than that.
[AKIRA gasping]
- So allow me to help you
get the most out of your life!
Follow my orders
and you might just become
as useful as those
mindless zombies pulling cargo
out there!
KOSUGI: All pieces of equipment
like you are good for
is laboring away
and drinking warm,
cheap beer after work!
Oh, but on occasion you get
a cold beer!
I guess anything is thrilling
when you're
a boneheaded work horse!
If you know what's good for you,
you'll be a good little cog,
stay quiet,
and keep your head down.
Got it?
Now get working!
- [gasping]
[whimpers]
- Is it just me
or did Akira seem off today?
I know the guy's his old boss
but why is he taking
it like that?
SHIZUKA: You never forget.
- Uh, what?
SHIZUKA: Even if your mind knows
that they're unfairly
controlling your life,
your heart never forgets
the fear it once felt.
- [whimpering]
[breathing erratically]
[gasping]
[zombies groaning]
[Shiyui's
"Happiness of the Dead"]
[upbeat music]